[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a very special guest
for you, award-winning author
Sonja Grace, a highly sought
after mystic healer and artist
with both Norwegian and
Native American heritage.
As an energy surgeon
and remote healer,
she has been counseling an
international roster of clients
for more than 30 years.
Sonja, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>SONJA GRACE:
Thank you, George.
I'm so happy to be here.
>>NOORY: What is a healer?
>>GRACE: Well, there's
lots of kinds of healers.
You can go to your massage
therapist and get healing.
You can go to an energy
healer and get healing.
You can go to all kinds
of different modalities--
acupuncturists, naturopaths.
The kind of healing that
I do is long distance.
I'm going to wherever
the person is, wherever
they are in the world,
and I'm able to put myself
in front of them
and work on them as
if they were right there.
So I go in and repair
hearts, and tissue,
and livers, and spleens.
I work on cancers.
I work on blood,
bones, everything.
>>NOORY: How do you know
where the ailment is
or do they tell you?
>>GRACE: Oh, they tell me.
They tell me.
Sure.
And the more information
I have, the better it
is, because if someone's
dealing with a type of cancer
let's say, and
they've had a scan,
they've already had
all the tests done,
then I know exactly
where I'm honing in.
Sometimes I see things that
they haven't had scanned
and I'm able to
identify that as well.
So it's kind of a concert.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
You're also what we
consider a spirit traveler.
Tell us a little bit about that.
Yeah.
In all the work that I
do, George, every day,
you know going to
where people are--
I'll have a client in Australia.
And then I'll have
a client in Sweden
and then I'll have
a client in LA,
wherever, I'm literally
spirit traveling every day.
And what that means is
I go into meditation.
And in meditation,
my body dissolves.
It just becomes like
little particles
of sand floating away.
And when I'm going to explore
a site, like a sacred site,
my guides come to
me and they take me.
And I literally travel
with them back in time.
And we discover
what happened, who
built the site,
why it was built.
So it's an amazing experience.
And every time I do
this and I time travel,
when I come back I'm
a bit discombobulated.
I mean I really know I've been
somewhere because it takes
me a long time to come back.
>>NOORY: You have a new
book with a card system
called "Odin and Nine Realms."
Tell me about that.
And who is Odin?
>>GRACE: Odin is the Norse
god who most people are maybe
familiar with through the
"Thor" movies and "The Vikings"
and various shows
that have been out.
This book is a very
comprehensive display
of Norse mythology.
And it's also my interpretation
of the Norse gods, their magic,
the ruins, and the nine realms.
And it's all built
in a 54 card oracle
that I did all the artwork for.
>>NOORY: OK.
Well, we have a little
video to display this.
>>GRACE: My name is Sonja Grace.
I am a mystic and healer
with both Norwegian
and Native American heritage.
In my spirit travels, I have
visited Stoplesteinan and Hunn
Gravfelt stone, both ancient
stone circles in Norway
where the Norse gods
gave me instructions
to create an oracle.
We traveled through
the nine realms
where I met the Norns, fire
giants, elves, dwarves,
and the gods.
I created the artwork
for each of the 54 cards.
And I wrote the words
spoken to me by the gods.
Odin, Thor, Baldur, Loki,
Freyja, Frigg, and Ran
all share messages of love,
fear, purpose, power, medicine,
and energy, revealing
new insights
into the human experience.
In this oracle, the ruins
reveal powerful messages.
The magic of Norse
mythology are the elements
that guide even the gods.
Deepen your connection to spirit
and follow your life's path
with the ancient wisdom of this
powerful divination tool called
"Odin and the Nine Realms."
>>NOORY: And in a little
bit of "Beyond Belief,"
I'm going to pick
several of these cards.
And Sonja is going to tell
me a little bit about myself.
They're a little like
tarot cards, aren't they?
>>GRACE: They are.
They are.
It's an oracle.
You can use it in any way.
There's lots of
different cards spreads
that I gave in the book.
You can also just pick a card.
Ask a question.
Pick a card.
>>NOORY: How did you key
in on Norse mythology?
>>GRACE: You know, I grew
up in Portland, Oregon.
And my dad's parents
and my father all
came from Norway so a lot of
the influence in my childhood
was hearing Norwegian and
everybody eating Norwegian food
all the time.
So it really, obviously,
shaped my life as well as
my Native American heritage.
And I decided it was a
really great opportunity
to connect with Norse mythology.
But more importantly, George,
the Norse gods came to me
and asked me to do this oracle.
>>NOORY: Oh really?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And how did
they come to you?
>>GRACE: When I traveled,
I spirit traveled first
to a stone circle
called Castlerigg.
That's in the UK.
And when I went there physically
and in my spirit travels,
I saw Bifrost, the bridge
between Mitgard and Asgard.
And I saw the Norse gods coming
through the stone circle.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GRACE: So when all of this was
taking place, it was 10,000 BC.
And it was the beginning
of a new phase of humanity.
All these portals opened
up all over the earth.
And the gods started coming
through, the demigods.
>>NOORY: Is that a good thing?
>>GRACE: Yeah, because
they're the ones that
helped shape humanity.
The Egyptian gods
shaped those people.
The Norse gods shaped the--
>>NOORY: The Greeks.
>>GRACE: Yes.
The Greek gods, the Mayan
gods, the Hopi gods.
So all of these demigods
came through to Earth.
And the Norse gods came
through Castlerigg.
And they discovered
that the Pleiadians, who
are also demigods, were there.
So they went from
Castlerigg over
to Stoplesteinan, which is a
stone circle there in Norway.
And they shaped the people
there in Scandinavia.
When I say shaped, I mean
they taught them ceremonies.
They crosspollinated with them.
They basically helped
recreate people.
>>NOORY: Now these
stone circles,
like Stoplesteinan in
Norway, what are they for?
>>GRACE: They're portals.
They're all portals.
That's like Castlerigg.
>>NOORY: Are there ley lines?
>>GRACE: Well, there are ley
lines that run through there.
But these are
portals that energy
is either coming up from
Earth or coming down
from the heavens or both.
>>NOORY: Are they leading us to
other dimensions or something?
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
And it's the way that
the gods come through.
It's how they travel
here to Earth.
They use these portals.
That's why Stonehenge
is not only marked
by these giant sarsen stones
but the whole area of Salisbury
Plain is a giant portal.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now what are the nine realms?
What does that mean?
>>GRACE: The nine realms
are like nine dimensions.
They're worlds.
>>NOORY: And each
world does what?
>>GRACE: They're all held
within the tree of life,
which is called Yggdrasil.
The tree of life is at the
center of the universe.
So these nine worlds exist
all at the same time.
And they represent all
kinds of things-- the elves,
the dwarfs, the Vanir,
which are the gods
and goddesses of fertility.
There's Asgard, Midgard.
There's all nine
realms holding each
of these elements
that are visited
throughout Norse mythology.
>>NOORY: Can humans go
through these portals?
>>GRACE: I did.
>>NOORY: You do that.
>>NOORY: You do it
spiritually, I assume, right?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
In my spirit travels.
Yes.
And I did spirit travel to Hun,
which is where these nine stone
circles are in Norway.
And it was spectacular.
The Norse gods took me
through the nine realms
and showed me what
each one was about.
>>NOORY: What if
you can't get back?
Is that possible?
>>GRACE: I'll call you.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Call me up coast to coast.
>>GRACE: I'll call you on Coast.
No, I--
>>NOORY: I mean
can you get trapped
in these other dimensions?
>>GRACE: Yes.
When I went to
the realm of hell,
which is not hell as we
think of it in Christianity.
It's more of where
everybody goes
and the goddess Hell
governs that realm.
There was a there was a witch,
a shaman-like witch named Groya
who--
>>NOORY: Male?
Female?
>>GRACE: Female.
Who would not remove this piece
of shard from Thor's head.
And he had asked her to do it.
She didn't do it.
He was still looking for
her to have this done.
And anyways, I encountered
her in the realm of hell.
And they tried to keep me there.
And Odin--
>>NOORY: They capture you?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
They wanted to keep me there.
And Odin and the Norse gods,
basically, got me out of there.
And I mean fast.
We were like gone.
>>NOORY: Were you scared?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
Sure.
>>NOORY: Now are you
there spiritually?
Or you're not there physically.
>>GRACE: Well, I was
there spiritually.
Yes.
But then my husband and I, we
just got back three days ago
from Norway.
And we went to Hun.
And I stood in each one of
those nine stone circles.
It totally blew my mind.
It was exactly
what I experienced
in my spirit trials.
>>NOORY: There were apparently
giants on this planet
a long, long time ago.
Does these conditions
tie into giants at all?
>>GRACE: Yes.
One of the nine
realms, Jotunheimr,
is the realm of the giants.
And these giants,
that realm sort of
is right next to the realm of
Midgard, which is where we are.
And the giants would often
mess with the people.
And also the gods
had a relationship
with them, sometimes a very
close relationship with them.
And there were people
born out of the giants.
These giants were definitely
from elsewhere in the universe.
And all of my study
and research on giants
is tied to Jotunheimr
and the realm of giants.
And when I went into
that realm, they
told me that they had
a particular portal
within the realm that they would
travel to where they're from.
It's amazing the parallels of
what we know today about giants
and what I've learned
from this realm of giants.
>>NOORY: Let's go
through these cards.
And you want me just
to select a few?
>>GRACE: Sure.
>>NOORY: We'll do one at a time.
>>NOORY: And then
we'll hold it up so
people can see what it is.
Now where I pick the
card or what card I pick
is entirely up to me.
>>GRACE: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Does it
have to do with fate?
>>GRACE: It does.
>>NOORY: If I pick this
card over that card,
what does that mean?
>>GRACE: Well, it's your energy.
Your energy is directing you--
>>NOORY: Something is
directing me to this--
>>GRACE: To what message
you need to hear.
>>NOORY: Like I looked at this
but I don't want to take it.
I want to take this one.
So I'll take this right here.
>>GRACE: OK.
>>NOORY: And this one is what?
>>GRACE: Jera.
>>NOORY: Jera.
What does Jera mean?
>>GRACE: It means harvest.
It's the natural cycle.
And it basically means, George,
that you have planted the seeds
and now come to the
fruition of your harvest.
So whatever you're
working on, whatever
projects that you want to see
happen, you're at that point
now where they will
come to fruition.
It's a really good card.
>>NOORY: What if I did
not pick this card?
What does that mean?
Something else?
>>GRACE: Well, then you would
have picked another card.
And we would have looked
at some other aspect.
But this card in particular
for you and the fact that I do
know you is you've got
some kind of project that's
going to come to fruition.
>>NOORY: Is it fate
that gave me this card?
>>GRACE: It's your energy.
It's your energy and
the fate of the gods.
>>NOORY: Let's do one more.
Interesting cards.
All right.
I'll take this one.
This is a strange one.
What is this?
>>GRACE: This is Bjarkan.
>>NOORY: Bjarkan.
Interesting graphic, too.
What does that mean?
>>GRACE: Well, this card
is about fertility again.
>>NOORY: Fertility?
Woo hoo.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
And this card
basically is about you
taking your life very seriously
and not taking it for granted.
This is about you having
the gifts that you
have in your world and really
honoring them and holding
them near and dear to you.
>>NOORY: So some of these cards
basically reinforce things
that I'm doing in
my life right now.
>>GRACE: Yes.
Very much so.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GRACE: And they're
good messages for people
to have some guidance.
You know, sometimes we just
have a gnawing question.
What is that?
Am I going to get that job?
Am I going to be
able to have a child?
Am I going to be able to meet
that person that I've always
wanted to meet?
It's a way of guiding people.
And George, I'm booked out
six months ahead of time
with appointments.
So this was my way of giving
this to my clients and people
who are interested in having
some guidance when they
can't reach me on the phone.
>>NOORY: How does this
mythology work, Sonja,
when a child is born?
What do they do?
Does a shaman come by and
bless the kid or what happens?
>>GRACE: In the tree
of life, Yggdrassil,
there are three main roots.
And under one of the routes are
these women called the Norns.
>>NOORY: The Norns?
>>GRACE: The Norns.
>>NOORY: Spell that.
>>GRACE: N-o-r-n-s.
Norns.
And they are quite magical.
They determine the
fate of a child.
>>NOORY: Are they shamans?
>>GRACE: They are like shamans.
Yes.
But they're actually more
powerful than even the shamans.
And they determine the past,
present, and future of a child.
>>NOORY: Are they the Volvas?
>>GRACE: No.
The Volvas are
the women shamans.
They're the female shamans.
And they practice a magic
that's called Seidr.
>>NOORY: Seidr?
>>GRACE: Seidr.
And Odin is trained
in Seidr as well.
Odin and all the gods
would go to the Volvas
and ask them for their guidance.
And the Volvas were
the wives of the men
who battled on the field,
the shaman warrior men.
>>NOORY: How many of these
people, these individuals
like this, would be in a tribe,
for example, in those days?
I mean would there be
hundreds of them, just one?
How many?
>>GRACE: There would
probably be, I would say,
hundreds of people, because
even though the world was
a much smaller place
back then, there
was quite a few
times in our history
where I think the population was
much higher than we know even
today.
I mean, we're going
basically on what we find.
And there's a lot of things
that haven't been dug up.
>>NOORY: So for
people who pick up
your book of "Odin and the
Nine Realms," what do you want
them to take away from that?
What do you want them to learn?
>>GRACE: Well, it's extremely
educational in Norse
mythology for one.
And for two, it's
a way for people
to find those answers that
they're looking for from a very
spiritual context.
You know, Odin hung from the
tree Yggdrassil, the tree
of life, for nine days.
And it reminds me so much of
the Lakota Sioux in that they
hang from the tree in a sun
dance ceremony for four days.
>>NOORY: Now what do you mean he
hung from a tree for nine days?
>>GRACE: He hung from
a tree for nine days
to sacrifice himself to receive
more information, whatever
he was looking for.
>>NOORY: Was he tied up?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
He was tied.
>>NOORY: Tied up to
a tree for nine days.
>>GRACE: Nine days.
And that's when he received
the 24 runes, the runes being
the cards that you picked.
They were spiritual
messages that he was then
able to share with the people.
>>NOORY: Who
brought them to him?
>>GRACE: They were manifested
through his connection
as a demigod and
the tree of life.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>GRACE: Yeah.
So Odin, and Thor, and Loki, all
of them used to take human form
and walk amongst the people.
>>NOORY: Well, I
remember an old movie
when I was a kid with Kirk
Douglas called "The Vikings."
>>GRACE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And there
was a lady there.
I guess she would be
called one of these Volvas.
And she was
screaming with bones.
She had bones.
And she'd throw the bones.
And whatever the way they
landed, she would read them.
But I remember specifically
her yelling Odin, Odin.
So was he like a god?
>>GRACE: Yeah.
He was the main god.
He is the main god.
And I really want
to preface that they
are so ready to come
back and help the people.
And I find it really
interesting when I'm in Norway,
I look for signs
of them, meaning
gift shops and
some of the things
that people would
sell in their stores.
Is there anything that's
about Norse mythology?
And the only thing
that you'll find
are little trinkets of Thor's
hammer like a necklace.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GRACE: That's it.
There is nothing.
>>NOORY: So they're really
not practicing Norse mythology
anymore.
>>GRACE: No, the
country is wiped clean
of anything that has to
do with Norse mythology.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>GRACE: Because it
was so Christianized.
You know, the
story of Ragnarok--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>GRACE: --is when
the Norse gods fell,
and there's a big battle,
and some of them died.
I believe Ragnarok happened
because Christianity came in,
and it was a way of
ending the paganism that
was being practiced.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Are you unhappy that it's
not continuing anymore?
>>GRACE: No, I'm happy
that they came to me
and asked me to bring them back.
When I went into Stoplesteinane
in the stone circle there,
I opened that portal.
>>NOORY: Is it like Stonehenge?
>>GRACE: It's smaller.
But it is, it's a large circle.
>>NOORY: Same
techniques, though?
Same principles?
>>GRACE: Yeah, and I
opened that portal,
and Freya, another
Norse god, came to me
and thanked me and said,
you opened this portal.
And we can't thank
you enough, because we
want to come back
and help the people.
And I believe that about all
the gods, all the demi-gods.
The Egyptian gods,
they've never left.
They've actually
always been here.
You know, the Mayan gods, the
Hopi gods, the Greek gods,
they're all coming back in.
And now, today, because
we're in the fifth dimension,
we have all these
portals opening.
And there's lots of stuff
coming through to Earth now.
>>NOORY: Aren't these
gods all the same,
they just represent
different things?
>>GRACE: No, I see
them being different.
And I see them having
their own social structure
that we, humans, have.
You know, we're friends
with people in Japan,
and we're friends with
people in Australia.
You know, it's like we have
these social structures
to our world.
They, too, have a
social structure
in how they know each other and
how they relate to each other.
>>NOORY: What are the
ravens, Huginn and Muninn?
>>GRACE: These
are Odin's ravens.
Odin has two Ravens that
sit on his shoulders,
and they go through
all the nine realms.
And they are his eyes and
ears, and they report back
to him what is going
on in all nine realms.
>>NOORY: Norse mythology,
which is really not
being practiced anymore?
>>GRACE: Well, I think
there are people out there.
>>NOORY: Is that
disappointing to you?
>>GRACE: Well, there
are people out there
who are very much into this,
but it's not mainstream at all.
It's nothing that people are
finding readily in some store.
Of course, now,
they'll find Odin.
>>NOORY: Now, they'll find
that, Odin and the Nine Realms
Oracle.
>>GRACE: Now, they'll find
this and go, oh, cool,
Norse mythology.
But it really has
gone underground.
And when we were in Norway, we
visited the Viking Ship Museum,
and these huge ships
are in this museum.
It's so cool, George.
They're ornate and carved and
beautiful, beautiful wood.
And these ships
carried the dead.
They would bury their
fallen Viking warrior.
>>NOORY: But they were a warring
group, too, weren't they?
I mean they had warrior
shamans and things like that.
>>GRACE: They did, and
these warrior shamans
were also practicing Seidr.
And what they would do is they
would wear their animal totem,
like the skin of a wolf
or the skin of a bear,
and they would transform
on the battlefield.
And when they transformed,
it was called going berserk.
And they would go
berserk and they
would win, because they
were very powerful shamans.
And the Valkyrie, who
were the women that
take the men who fall on the
battlefield, to Odin's hall
called Valhalla.
The Valkyrie were their wives.
>>NOORY: Valhalla was
like heaven, wasn't it?
>>GRACE: Yes, yes, it
was a big, great hall
that Odin had, where the
fallen warriors would go.
>>NOORY: How did
you study all this?
Where do you go to study this?
>>GRACE: Well, I
read a lot of books.
I studied a lot of books.
I did a lot of research, yes.
>>NOORY: What are ancient runes?
>>GRACE: Runes are
the magical messaging
pieces that Odin received.
>>NOORY: Are they like dominoes?
What do they look like?
>>GRACE: Dominoes.
[LAUGHS] No, they're more
like stones, and they've got
a symbol carved into them.
So these stones that had
the rune on it, the message,
is what Odin received when he
hung from the tree, Yggdrasil.
And they became the
messaging system
that the volva, the shamans,
and all the people would use.
>>NOORY: Would they do
everything through these runes?
>>GRACE: I think they
were very much like a tool
that, in today's world, maybe
someone would use a pendulum
and douse.
You know, they used the
ruins in the same way.
>>NOORY: Your artwork in the
book, Odin and the Nine Realms
is very different.
Who came up with that?
>>GRACE: They're all my designs.
It's my work.
I've been an artist since
I was a little kid, yeah.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
>>GRACE: Yeah, you
know I saw the gods.
I saw all these things,
George, in my spirit travels,
and this is why I created all
of these particular pictures,
because this is how I saw them.
So I depicted exactly what
I saw in my spirit travels.
>>NOORY: Why do these gods
want to come back, Sonja?
>>GRACE: Because we are--
>>NOORY: Through you?
>>GRACE: We are coming to the
end of a phase of humanity,
as I said to you, in, when we
spoke about Spirit Traveler,
10,000 BC, Atlantis had fallen.
Lemuria had fell.
Comets had hit the
Earth, 12,800 BC.
10,000 BC, Ice Age is
starting to recede.
All these portals have opened
up all over the planet.
The demi-gods are
coming through.
People are coming in.
And we're now coming to the
end of that phase of humanity.
So we are getting
ready, as people,
to pass the baton to the babies
that are being born today,
because they're star seeds,
just like we were when we first
came through at the end
of Atlantis and Lemuria.
>>NOORY: Do you
practice this every day?
I mean, do you wake
up in the morning
and you do shamanistic rituals?
>>GRACE: Well, I
have coffee first.
[LAUGHS] And then, of
course, because I'm
with clients all day
long on the phone,
I go into meditation
before I begin, yeah.
>>NOORY: Sonja, Ragnarok-- tell
us a little bit about that.
What does that mean?
>>GRACE: Ragnarok was considered
the end of Norse mythology.
A lot of the gods actually
perished in Ragnarok,
which isn't true at all.
I believe Ragnarok
was the creation
of the first Christian
priests and people
who were leading the people
into Christianity to end Norse
mythology, to end paganism.
>>NOORY: To do away with it?
>>GRACE: To do away
with it, yeah, sure.
So let's have a grand
finale of the Norse gods.
Let's put an end
to it, so everybody
can move into Christianity.
I think Ragnarok marks
times in our history
where things have ended.
The fall of Rome, the end of the
Third World in Hopi mythology--
there's things that get
marked by these big moments.
And this ended, to me,
when Christianity began.
>>NOORY: Is there anyone
in North mythology
still practicing this?
I'm not counting you, but
are they doing this anymore,
or is it gone?
>>GRACE: I think
there are people
who are practicing Norse ways
and paganism in this way.
I think there's lots of people,
but it's not highly publicized.
It's not-- like,
there's a lot of people
who follow Sekhmet,
the goddess from Egypt,
but it's not highly publicized.
>>NOORY: Is this going to
get better or worse for most
people, in terms of the
knowledge of things like this?
>>GRACE: I think it's
going to get better.
I'm an optimist, George.
I think that even though--
>>NOORY: Your whole life
has been an optimist.
>>GRACE: Yeah, it has.
Even though that we're coming
to the end of this phase
of humanity, it doesn't mean
that we're all going to perish
or the world's going to end.
It means that we're
going to transform.
It means that our
responsibility and what
we pass on to our
grandchildren is so important.
It's so, so valuable
to them and what
they'll build for this
next phase of humanity,
I can't stress it
enough to people.
>>NOORY: If you went to
Norway today and started
talking about this to
the citizens of Norway,
would they understand this?
>>GRACE: I think some of
them would understand,
but they're very superstitious.
It was really interesting.
Even my sister--
>>NOORY: Superstitious
or suspicious?
>>GRACE: Superstitious.
>>NOORY: All right,
there's a difference.
>>GRACE: My sister, who
is a doctor in Norway,
first thing she asked me when
she saw the deck-- is there
a Loki card?
>>NOORY: What's that mean?
>>GRACE: Well, Loki is one of
the gods, but he's a trickster.
He's a very mischievous
kind of guy.
>>NOORY: Like a devil?
>>GRACE: No, but he's a giant.
And even though he's a giant,
he was accepted by the gods.
And a lot of people in Norway
are very scared of Loki.
They see him as being
someone who's going
to make trouble in your life.
So I told her, yes,
there is a Loki card.
And then I read her what the
Loki card says in the book.
That he really is
about transformation.
He is a trickster,
but the same way
that the coyote is a
trickster, the same way
that raven is a trickster.
>>NOORY: What would you say
is the most satisfying aspect
of what you do?
>>GRACE: Now you're
going to make me cry.
I think the most
important thing for me
is hearing from people
how much I help them,
how much they feel better.
>>NOORY: The feedback
they give you?
>>GRACE: They feel better.
You know, they're
not ill anymore.
They're they were bleeding.
They're not bleeding anymore.
You know, whatever it is,
whatever I've worked on
or helped them with, that--
I can't-- there is nothing
that compares to that.
>>NOORY: Makes you
feel good, doesn't it?
>>GRACE: Yeah, it makes me cry.
>>NOORY: You are
emotional about this.
>>GRACE: I am.
>>NOORY: What has been the one
case you've done in your life,
your career, that
you'll never forget?
>>GRACE: Well, there's a lot
of those, George, but I think--
I think there's so many stories
of people that I've helped.
Some of the best ones
have been a woman
who told me how much I changed
her life when I worked with her
and helped her
get through a very
difficult time with her family.
And a man just called
me the other day.
He was having blood in his
urine, and I worked on him,
and it was gone.
>>NOORY: Now, they still
do conventional medicine,
don't they?
>>GRACE: Of course, of course.
>>NOORY: You don't tell
them, don't go to your doctor
or anything like that.
>>GRACE: Oh, no.
I'm the first one to
say, go get a CAT scan.
Go get an MRI.
I want you to go get
tests, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Well, that's important.
>>GRACE: But you know, I had a
client of mine call me in LA.
His wife called me.
It was time for his appointment.
And she said, he's
had a heart attack.
They're taking him into
surgery in two hours.
He asked that you
work on him first.
I went in.
I found blockage
in his arteries.
I cleaned it out.
I took out a bunch of stuff
that was blocking the arteries.
>>NOORY: You're
doing this mentally?
>>GRACE: I'm doing this with
my hands, because I'm in--
>>NOORY: But you're not there?
>>GRACE: No, but I am there in
the way that I work on people.
And so I'm taking
all this stuff out.
Cleaned him all out.
They took him into
surgery, opened him up.
>>NOORY: He's fine.
>>GRACE: They said, we
can't find anything.
Closed him up.
>>NOORY: Closed him back up.
They opened him up for nothing.
>>GRACE: Yep, and he wrote--
he wrote me an email.
He said, I love
you, Sonja Grace.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Why is Norse
mythology so important to you?
>>GRACE: Because I had
such a profound experience
having the Norse gods come
walking out of Stoplesteinane
and showing themselves to me,
seeing all of their clothing
and costuming.
I mean, it was just--
they were so interesting.
And it was beautiful to
have them speak to me
and ask me to present
them to the world
>>NOORY: Sonja, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>GRACE: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: One of the great
wonders of "Beyond Belief"
is we learn things about it.
And Norse mythology is
something that I didn't really
know that much about.
I do now.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]